Date:20th Jan,2023
Agenda:
Level of testing:This concept is basically used to ensure the quality and
functionality of a software application.It includes several category:
1.Unit Testing:
This is the lowest level of testing,where individual units or components of the code are tested in isolation.unit test are typically written by developers to verify if the functionality/method created is providing expected result or not.
Ex:E-commerce=>calculation of the sum of all product to ensure that it return the correct result of all product.
A team of developer who is working on e-com app to perform a unit testing on individual function for their shopping cart features.


2.Integration Testing:This is the level of testing that is used to test interaction b/w different unit or components of the code.we integrate all the component to check how they behave when merge togther.
Ex:Tester team perform integration testing to ensure if shopping cart features is working with other parts of the website like login,payment,checkout,transaction etc.

frontend and backend

3.System Testing:
This is level of testing focuses on testing entire software application as whole.It includes all the features and functions of software a whole  for ready to release product.
Ex:After the integration testing,system testing is done to ensure that entire website is working as expected.

4.Acceptance testing:This is testing to ensure that it meets the requirement of the customer or end-user.


5.Performance Testing:This is testing focuses on the software under different loads and stress.to ensure if my app can handle a large no. of user or not.or transactions or not.
Ex:When concurrent users comes to e-comm app to perform the transaction,sites is crashed.

6.Security testing:This is level of testing to check if software is protected agains malicious attacks and data breaches.
ex:when submitting a form data, it should prevent from any kind of attacks.
SQL injections attacks.


3.System Testing
4.Acceptance Testing
5.Performance Testing
6.Security Testing




Software Testing Life Cycle(STLC)
Stages of Testing
QA & QC & Testing"
Quality Assurance.
Quality Control.




QA-Quality assurence
to prevent defect and ensure that product or serves meeth the require high quality standards.

QC->Quality Control
to identity and correct the defects that have occured.
